OSDOCS CQA AUTH-4 Service Accounts and Cloud Credential Operator II (#115154)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/creating-a-service-account-in-your-project.adoc

= Creating a service account in your project

[role="_abstract"]

> You can add a service account to your user-defined project by including an `eks.amazonaws.com/role-arn` annotation in the service account configuration that references the Amazon Resource Name (ARN) for the AWS Identity and Access Management (IAM) role that you want the service account to assume.

Reviewer: Ideally, would like to see some "why" in the first bit, and the rest pulled from the abstract:

```suggestion
You can add a service account to your user-defined project <for some reason/goal>.

To add a service account, include an `eks.amazonaws.com/role-arn` annotation in the service account configuration that references the Amazon Resource Name (ARN) for the AWS Identity and Access Management (IAM) role that you want the service account to assume.
```

[role="_abstract"]
You can add a service account to your user-defined project by including an `eks.amazonaws.com/role-arn` annotation in the service account configuration that references the Amazon Resource Name (ARN) for the AWS Identity and Access Management (IAM) role that you want the service account to assume.

AI
[role="_abstract"]

> To allow applications in a pod to assume an AWS Identity and Access Management (IAM) role, you can create a service account in your project. Adding a service account configured with your IAM role details enables your workloads to perform specific AWS operations securely.

Reviewer 2: I would maybe phrase they "why" of this as something more along the lines of: by specifying the IAM role you which for your applications to assume in the service account configuration, you can easily enable any of your workloads to be able to use the same role by just assigning a service account to them

I think the current description feels more like why you would care about the whole feature, instead of why you should care about this particular step
